Translated start.md and install.md to eu_US (#63)
v2fly/v2fly-github-io: docs/en_US/guide/install.md

# Installation

## Supported OS Platforms

> The following platforms are supported by V2Ray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following platforms are supported by V2Ray:
```

* Windows 7 and later（x86 / amd64 / arm32）
* macOS 10.10 Yosemite and later（amd64）
* Linux 2.6.23 and later（x86 / amd64 / arm / arm64 / mips64 / mips / ppc64 / s390x / riscv64）
  * including but not limited to Debian 7 / 8, Ubuntu 12.04 / 14.04 and later, CentOS 6 / 7 and Arch Linux
* FreeBSD (x86 / amd64)
* OpenBSD (x86 / amd64)
* Dragonfly BSD (amd64)

## Download V2Ray

Compiled binary packages can be found via the following links.

1. Github Release: [github.com/v2fly/v2ray-core](https://github.com/v2fly/v2ray-core/releases)
2. Homebrew: [github.com/v2ray/homebrew-v2ray](https://github.com/v2ray/homebrew-v2ray)
3. Arch Linux: [packages/community/x86_64/v2ray/](https://www.archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/v2ray/)

> All packages are in the .zip format. Look for the file matching your platform and upzip it to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All packages are in the .zip format. Look for the file matching your platform and unzip it to get started.
```

## Package Integrity

The integrity of V2Ray can be validated in two ways:

1. The SHA1 / SHA256 digest information can be found in the corresponding `.dgst` files.
2. Run `v2ctl verify --sig=Release example-file`

## Installing on Windows or macOS

V2Ray can be obtained by downloading and unzipping the downloaded packages aforementioned. 

Followed by running it via [command line](command.md).

## Linux Distro Repository

> Some distros may have included V2Ray to their repositories. It is recommened to use these repositories for better compatibility before using the installation script. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some distros may have included V2Ray to their repositories. It is recommended to use these repositories for better compatibility before using any installation script. 
```

* Debian: [golang-v2ray-core](https://tracker.debian.org/pkg/golang-v2ray-core).

## Installing on Linux by Script

The original installation script is deprecated and replaced by [fhs-install-v2ray](https://github.com/v2fly/fhs-install-v2ray).

Go to [#2328](https://github.com/v2ray/v2ray-core/issues/2328) for related discussions. 

What's new? 

* Changed Installation Path V2Ray to comply with FHS.
* Stopped supporting stone age platforms, such as CentOS 6.
* Stopped supporting System V.
* Changed the service user from root to nobody.

> ### FAQ (Chinese Only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### FAQ (In Chinese)
```
